content/pages/activities.rst, before:

Research activities
===================

Program committee membership
----------------------------

`ACM EC 2017 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec17/>`_;
`SAGT 2017 <http://cs.gssi.infn.it/sagt2017/>`_;
`SAGT 2016 <http://sagt16.csc.liv.ac.uk/>`_ (PC co-chair);
`IJCAI 2016 <http://ijcai-16.org/>`_;
`AAMAS 2016 <http://sis.smu.edu.sg/aamas2016/>`_;
`SAGT 2015 <http://sagt2015.mpi-inf.mpg.de/>`_;
`AAAI 2015 <http://www.aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI/aaai15.php>`_;
`WINE 2014 <http://wine2014.amss.ac.cn/>`_;
`ACM EC 2014 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec14/>`_;
`AAAI 2014 <http://www.aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI/aaai14.php>`_;
`ACM EC 2013 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec13/>`_;
`IJCAI 2013 <http://ijcai13.org/>`_;
`MFCS 2011 <http://mfcs.mimuw.edu.pl/>`_.

PhD students
------------

2016- `Greg Palmer <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~gpalmer/>`_ (second supervisor);
2016- `Tom Spooner <https://www.linkedin.com/in/tspooner>`_;
2015- `Richard Klima <https://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-kl%C3%ADma/61/175/272/en>`_ (second supervisor);
2013- `Yifan Zhou <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~m2yz1/>`_ (second supervisor);
2013- `Tobenna Peter Igwe <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~ptigwe/>`_;
2012-2015 `Argyris Deligkas <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~argyris/>`_;
2010-2014 `Keren Dong <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~dkr/>`_.

Postdocs
--------

2016 `Argyrios Deligkas <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~argyris/>`_ (now a postdoc at
the Technion);
2013-16 `John Fearnley <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~john/>`_ (now faculty at the
University of Liverpool);
2012-14 Paul Devine;
2010 Hynek Mlnarik.

Grants
------

==================  ================================== =============================  ====================================================================  =========
2015-2016           European Space Agency grant        co-PI (PI: Karl Tuyls)         Game Theoretic Analysis of the Space Debris Removal Dilemma [3]_      €25,000            
2013-2016           EPSRC grant                        PI  (co-I: Martin Gairing)     Algorithms for Finding Approximate Nash Equilibria [2]_               £276,828
2012-2014           ESRC grant                         PI                             Modelling Intraday Cash Liquidity                                     £217,711
2006-2009           EPSRC Postdoc Fellowship           PI                             Algorithms for Computing Equilibria in Games [1]_                     £183,222
==================  ================================== =============================  ====================================================================  =========

.. [1] http://gow.epsrc.ac.uk/NGBOViewGrant.aspx?GrantRef=EP/D067170/1
.. [2] http://gow.epsrc.ac.uk/NGBOViewGrant.aspx?GrantRef=EP/L011018/1
.. [3] http://www.esa.int/gsp/ACT/ai/projects/gt_debris.html; http://wordpress.csc.liv.ac.uk/smartlab/research/game-theoretic-analysis-of-the-space-debris-removal-dilemma/

Commit message:

editorial work added to activities page

content/pages/activities.rst, after:

Research activities
===================

Editorial work
----------------------------

Editorial Board, `International Journal of Game Theory (IJGT) <http://www.springer.com/economics/economic+theory/journal/182>`_

Editor, Theory of Computing Systems (TOCS) special issue for SAGT 2016

Program committee membership
----------------------------

`ACM EC 2017 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec17/>`_;
`SAGT 2017 <http://cs.gssi.infn.it/sagt2017/>`_;
`SAGT 2016 <http://sagt16.csc.liv.ac.uk/>`_ (PC co-chair);
`IJCAI 2016 <http://ijcai-16.org/>`_;
`AAMAS 2016 <http://sis.smu.edu.sg/aamas2016/>`_;
`SAGT 2015 <http://sagt2015.mpi-inf.mpg.de/>`_;
`AAAI 2015 <http://www.aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI/aaai15.php>`_;
`WINE 2014 <http://wine2014.amss.ac.cn/>`_;
`ACM EC 2014 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec14/>`_;
`AAAI 2014 <http://www.aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI/aaai14.php>`_;
`ACM EC 2013 <http://www.sigecom.org/ec13/>`_;
`IJCAI 2013 <http://ijcai13.org/>`_;
`MFCS 2011 <http://mfcs.mimuw.edu.pl/>`_.

PhD students
------------

2016- `Greg Palmer <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~gpalmer/>`_ (second supervisor);
2016- `Tom Spooner <https://www.linkedin.com/in/tspooner>`_;
2015- `Richard Klima <https://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-kl%C3%ADma/61/175/272/en>`_ (second supervisor);
2013- `Yifan Zhou <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~m2yz1/>`_ (second supervisor);
2013- `Tobenna Peter Igwe <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~ptigwe/>`_;
2012-2015 `Argyris Deligkas <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~argyris/>`_;
2010-2014 `Keren Dong <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~dkr/>`_.

Postdocs
--------

2016 `Argyrios Deligkas <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~argyris/>`_ (now a postdoc at
the Technion);
2013-16 `John Fearnley <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/~john/>`_ (now faculty at the
University of Liverpool);
2012-14 Paul Devine;
2010 Hynek Mlnarik.

Grants
------

==================  ================================== =============================  ====================================================================  =========
2015-2016           European Space Agency grant        co-PI (PI: Karl Tuyls)         Game Theoretic Analysis of the Space Debris Removal Dilemma [3]_      €25,000            
2013-2016           EPSRC grant                        PI  (co-I: Martin Gairing)     Algorithms for Finding Approximate Nash Equilibria [2]_               £276,828
2012-2014           ESRC grant                         PI                             Modelling Intraday Cash Liquidity                                     £217,711
2006-2009           EPSRC Postdoc Fellowship           PI                             Algorithms for Computing Equilibria in Games [1]_                     £183,222
==================  ================================== =============================  ====================================================================  =========

.. [1] http://gow.epsrc.ac.uk/NGBOViewGrant.aspx?GrantRef=EP/D067170/1
.. [2] http://gow.epsrc.ac.uk/NGBOViewGrant.aspx?GrantRef=EP/L011018/1
.. [3] http://www.esa.int/gsp/ACT/ai/projects/gt_debris.html; http://wordpress.csc.liv.ac.uk/smartlab/research/game-theoretic-analysis-of-the-space-debris-removal-dilemma/
