content/pages/index.rst, before:

.. |br| raw:: html

        <br />

:save_as: index.html
:template: index

Secondment to Alan Turing Institute (ATI)
-----------------------------------------

Since 2023-04-01 (until late 2025) I am seconded to the ATI to lead a
project "Automated Analysis of Strategic Interactions" with `Prof Ted Turocy <https://tturocy.github.io/>`_; 
more info: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/automated-analysis-strategic-interactions.

For this project, I am still based in Liverpool, working with Ted, who is based
at UEA, and 
`Yongzhao Wang <https://sites.google.com/umich.edu/yongzhao-wang/>`_,
who is an ATI employee based in Liverpool.

......

.. raw:: html

    <IMG src="http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~rahul/images/rahul.jpg" alt="Rahul Savani" HEIGHT="130" style="float:right">

.. <IMG src="content/images/rahul.jpg" alt="Rahul Savani" HEIGHT="200" style="float:right">

`Economics and Computation Research Group <http://intranet.csc.liv.ac.uk/research/ecco>`_ |br|
`Department of Computer Science <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/>`_ |br|
`University of Liverpool <http://www.liv.ac.uk/>`_ |br|

**Email:** firstname dot lastname at liverpool.ac.uk

**Research Interests:** Game Theory, Algorithms & Complexity, Machine Learning, Automated Trading, Agent-Based Modelling

I am a Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the 
University of Liverpool; I am also a Visiting Researcher at the
`Alan Turing Institute <https://www.turing.ac.uk/>`_. I work on problems at the interface of 
game theory/economics/finance and computer science. I have worked extensively on 
equilibrium computation for game-theoretic models of strategic interaction,
recently focusing also on multi-agent reinforcement learning.
I have also worked as a consultant on a variety of algorithmic trading projects.

Commit message:

ECAI award added; plus Daniel Kadnikov

content/pages/index.rst, after:

.. |br| raw:: html

        <br />

:save_as: index.html
:template: index

Secondment to Alan Turing Institute (ATI)
-----------------------------------------

Since 2023-04-01 (until late 2025) I am seconded to the ATI to lead a
project "Automated Analysis of Strategic Interactions" with `Prof Ted Turocy <https://tturocy.github.io/>`_; 
more info: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/automated-analysis-strategic-interactions.

For this project, I am still based in Liverpool, working with Ted, who is based
at UEA, and 
`Yongzhao Wang <https://sites.google.com/umich.edu/yongzhao-wang/>`_
and
`Daniel Kadnikov <https://www.turing.ac.uk/people/daniel-kadnikov>`_ 
who are ATI employees (with Yongzhao based in Liverpool).

......

.. raw:: html

    <IMG src="http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~rahul/images/rahul.jpg" alt="Rahul Savani" HEIGHT="130" style="float:right">

.. <IMG src="content/images/rahul.jpg" alt="Rahul Savani" HEIGHT="200" style="float:right">

`Economics and Computation Research Group <http://intranet.csc.liv.ac.uk/research/ecco>`_ |br|
`Department of Computer Science <http://www.csc.liv.ac.uk/>`_ |br|
`University of Liverpool <http://www.liv.ac.uk/>`_ |br|

**Email:** firstname dot lastname at liverpool.ac.uk

**Research Interests:** Game Theory, Algorithms & Complexity, Machine Learning, Automated Trading, Agent-Based Modelling

I am a Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the 
University of Liverpool; I am also a Visiting Researcher at the
`Alan Turing Institute <https://www.turing.ac.uk/>`_. I work on problems at the interface of 
game theory/economics/finance and computer science. I have worked extensively on 
equilibrium computation for game-theoretic models of strategic interaction,
recently focusing also on multi-agent reinforcement learning.
I have also worked as a consultant on a variety of algorithmic trading projects.
