content/pages/solvers.rst, before:

Game solvers
============

Below you will find links to solvers for games. For two-player games, the first
two link to solvers that work with exact arithmetic, which is important for
finding exact Nash equilibria.

* `Game Theory Explorer <http://gte.csc.liv.ac.uk/index>`_
  (also see the `Game Theory Explorer paper <http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10287-014-0206-x>`_, 
  available as pdf on `arXiv <http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3969>`_)

* `Bimatrix Game Solver <http://banach.lse.ac.uk>`_  
  (also see `this paper <http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00199-009-0449-x>`_, 
  available as pdf `here <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~rahul/papers/avisetal.pdf>`_)

* `Gambit: Software Tools for Game Theory <http://www.gambit-project.org>`_

* https://github.com/bimatrix-games is a repository of bimatrix game
  generators and algorithms for finding approximate Nash equilibria
  (also see this `SEA paper <http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.04980>`_)

* https://github.com/rahulsavani/bimatrix_examples is a repository with
  bimatrix game generators with their extreme equilibria, and code to 
  test the output of lrs-nash
  (http://cgm.cs.mcgill.ca/~avis/C/lrslib/USERGUIDE.html#nash) against these

Commit message:

added polymatrix-games github repo to solvers page

content/pages/solvers.rst, after:

Game solvers
============

Below you will find links to solvers for games. For two-player games, the first
two link to solvers that work with exact arithmetic, which is important for
finding exact Nash equilibria.

* `Game Theory Explorer <http://gte.csc.liv.ac.uk/index>`_
  (also see the `Game Theory Explorer paper <http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10287-014-0206-x>`_, 
  available as pdf on `arXiv <http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3969>`_)

* `Bimatrix Game Solver <http://banach.lse.ac.uk>`_  
  (also see `this paper <http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00199-009-0449-x>`_, 
  available as pdf `here <http://cgi.csc.liv.ac.uk/~rahul/papers/avisetal.pdf>`_)

* `Gambit: Software Tools for Game Theory <http://www.gambit-project.org>`_

* https://github.com/bimatrix-games is a repository of bimatrix game
  generators and algorithms for finding approximate Nash equilibria
  (also see this `SEA paper <http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.04980>`_)

* https://github.com/polymatrix-games is a repository of polymatrix game
  generators and algorithms for finding approximate Nash equilibria
  (also see this `AAMAS paper <http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.06865>`_)

* https://github.com/rahulsavani/bimatrix_examples is a repository with
  bimatrix game generators with their extreme equilibria, and code to 
  test the output of lrs-nash
  (http://cgm.cs.mcgill.ca/~avis/C/lrslib/USERGUIDE.html#nash) against these
